Azure Subscriptions	The billing unit of Azure Services that aggregates all the costs of the underlying resources.
Azure Accounts	An identity in Azure Active Directory or a directory that is trusted by AAD, such as a work or school organization.
Account Administrator	Also known as the account owner, this person is responsible for paying the subscription bill to Microsoft when it is due. Normally, this user has financial responsiblities in your company such as CFO, accounts payable lead etc.
Service Administrator	Also known as the service owner. This user manages the services that run in windows azure. They will have access to and uses the Window Azure Developer Portal or service management API to orchestrate the applications and data running in Azure. Normally, the user is a developer, system administrator, or other IT person responsible for IT services in your company
Co-Administrators	When an enterprise becomes to large for a single service administrator, the service administrator can create this role for other IT administrators to help them out. They will have complete access to the subscription services. They can even add or delete other users in the same role. However, they cannot remove the Service Owner nor do they have access to pament/billing information.
Role-Based Access Control	The Microsoft recommended way to manage the permissions of your resources. However this will not work with Azure's classic deployment model
Global Administrator	Users who are assigned this role can read and modify every administrative setting in your Azure AD organization. By default this role is given to the user that signed up for the Azure subscription. It is one of the two roles that has an ability to delegate administrator roles. To reduce the risk to your business, it is recommended by microsoft that you assign this role to the fewest possible people in your organization.
Application Developer	Users in this role can create application registrations when the "Users can register applications" setting is set to No. This role also grants permission to consent on one's own behalf when the "Users can consent to apps accessing company data on their bahalf" setting is set to No. Users assigned to this role are added as owners when creating new application registrations or enterprise applications.
Application Administrator	This role grants the ability to manage application credentials. Users assigned this role can add credentials to impersonate the application's identity.
Authentication Administrator	Users with this role can set or reset non-password credentials and can update passwords for all users. Authentication Administrators can require users to re-register against existing non-password credentials
Azure Resource Limits	Azure gives you the ability to see the number of resources you've deployed into your subscription and what your limits are. This ability makes it easier for you to track current usage and plan for new deployments in the near future.
Tagging Resources	A good way to keep track of your resources is through tagging them. Each "Tag" consists of a Name and a Key Value Pair, such as "Environment" : "Production" where you could tag all your resources that are in production. Tags applied to the resource group are not inheritied by the resources in that resource group.
Azure Policy	A service used to create, assign and manage different policies. These policies enforce different rules over your resources so they stay compiant with your corporate standards and service level agreements, The service does this by running evaluations against your resources and scanning for those that are not in compliance with your policies.
Policy Assignment	A policy definition that has been assigned to take place within a specific scope. This scope could range from a management group to a resource group. The term scope refers to all the resource groups, subscriptions, or management groups that they policy definition is assigned to. Policy assignments are inherited by all child resources. This design means that a policy applied to a resource gropu is also applied to resources in that resource group. However, you can exlude a sub-scope from the policy assignment.
Policy Parameters	A way to help simplify your policy management by reducing the number of policy definitions you create. You can define parameters when creating a policy to make it more generic. Then you can reuse that policy definition for different scenarios. You do so by passing in different values when assigning the policy definition.
Initiative Definition	A collection of policy definitions that are tailored towards achieving a singular overarching goal. Initiateive definitions simplify managing and assigning policy definitions. They simplify by grouping a set of policies as one single item.
Action Groups	Give you an ability to take an action any time an alert is triggered. This ensures that every time an alert is triggered the same action will fire off, this could include a messaging component, a function, or even running an automation playbook.
Azure Monitor	Enables core monitoring for Azure Services by monitoring and visualizing metrics, querying and analysing activiy and disagnostic logs. It's also can help set-up alerts and help you take automated corrective actions.
Diagnostic Logs	Logs that are provided by the Azure Service that give useful data about the operation of azure resources and services. the logs are constantly updating in real time to provide an accurate assesment of what is going on in the infrastructure
Tenant Logs	Logs that contain activity that occurs at the tenant level but is outside of the azure subscription
Alert	When a specific event occurs and you would like to be notified of when the event happens
Metrics	Numberical values that describe some aspect of a system at a particular point in time. They are collected at regular intervals and are identified with a timestamp, a name, a value, and one or more defining labels. Metrics can be aggregated using a variety of algorithms, compared to other metrics, and analyzed for trends over time.
Logs	Events that occurred within the system.They can contain different kinds of data and may be structured or free form text whith a timestamp.
Performance Baseline	Your current average performance levels and should be used to compare against your future performance levels. Once a proper baseline has been determined you can properly monitor the performance of your resources.
Dynamic Thresholds	After setting up a performance baseline you can use Metric Alerts with Dynamic Thresholds is the ability to use the machin learning to analyze historic data in order to give suggestions regarding possible service issues.
Features found in dynamic thresholds	Scaleable alerting - very useful when handling multiple resources across multiple subscriptions as hundreds of metrics can be reacted at one time. Smart Metric Pattern Recognition - Patterns can be detected, allowing the alerting system to use adaptive techniques to resolve problems as necessary. Intuitive Configuration - Setting up metrics is easy and user friendly.
Sensitivity Settings in Dynamic Thresholds	High - thresholds will be tight and close to the metric series pattern. an alert rule will be triggered on the smallest deviation, resulting in more alerts. Medium - Less tight and more balanced thresholds, fewer alerts than with high sensitivity Low - thresholds will be loose with more distance from metric series pattern. An alert rule will only trigger on large deviations, resulting in fewer alerts.
Azure Advisor	A personalized cloud consultant that helps you follow best practices to optimize your azure deployments. it analyzes your resource configuration and usage telemetry and then recommends solutions that can help you improve cost effectiveness, performance, high availbalbity and security of your azure resources.
Azure Advisor Features	- Get proactive, actionable and personalized best practice recommendation from Azure Advisor - improve the performance, security and high availbalbity of your resouces through recommended actions. - Find ideal opportunities to reduce cost of your current environments.
4 recommendation categories inside Azure Advisor	A. Availability recommendations that will help your resource stay highly available in the scenario of a data center failure. B. Security - recommendations that will help make your resource more secure. C. Costs recommendations that will make your subscription more cost effective D. Perfomrance recommendations that will make your resources perform better against same or larger loads.
Cost Analysis	Azure provides a set of Billing REST API's that give access to resource consuption and metadata information for your azure subscriptions
Pricing Calculator	Provides estimates in all areas of azure including compute networking, storage, web an database
Billing Alert Service	Provides the ability to create alerts to send emails when you approach your spending limits.
Customize Cost Views	Shows a breakdown of different ways your costs are being impacted. By default there are four built-in vews: accumulated costs, daily costs, cost by service and cost by resource.
Download Reports	Will allow you to download your cost analysis reports into the .CSV format.
Log Analytics Queries	A query syntax to quickly retrieve and consolidate data in the repository. You can create and save log searches to directly analyze data in the OMS Portal
Alert Management	Helps you analyze all of the alerts in your Log Analytics repository. These alerts may have come from a variety of sources including those sources created by Log Analytics or imported from Nagios or Zabbix. The solution also imports alerts from any connected System Center Operations Manager management groups
Resource Group	A logical container used to group different Azure services within it. Some things to consider when creating a resource group is: Grouping resources based on lifecycle and security, could be considered a best practice. A resource can only belong to on eresource group. Resource Groups can't be renamed - Resource Groups can contain many different types of resources or services - Resources that are inside of a resource group can be located in a different region. - Resource Groups cost nothing, you can have as many or as little of them as you wish.
Azure Policies	A service in Azure that you use to create, assign, and manage policies. These policies enforce different rules and effects over your resources, so those resources stay compliant with your corporate standards and service level agreements.
Azure Locks	When you need to lock a subscription, resource group, or resource to prevent other users in your organization from accidentally deleting or modifying critical resources. The following two locks found in Azure are "ReadOnly" and "CanNotDelete"
"CanNotDelete"	A specific Azure Lock type which allows authorized users to be able to read and modify a resource, but they can't delete the resource
"ReadOnly" Lock	A specific Azure Lock type which allows authorized users to be able to read a resource, but they won't be able to update it or delete it.
Local Redundant Storage	a low-cost option for protecting your data from local hardware failure. However if a disaster occurs to the entire data cener all replicas might be unrecoverable
Zone Redundant Storage	Synchronously replicates your data across three storage clusters in a single region. Each storage cluster is physically separated from the tohers and resides in it's own availablity zone.
Azure Backup	Azure based service that can backup, protect, and restore your data in the microsoft Cloud. It replaces your on premise or off-site backup solution with a reliable, secure, cost-competitive, and cloud based backup solution.
Azure Storage Blog	Microsoft's object storage solution for the cloud. It has been optimized for storing massive amounts of unstructured data.
Azure App Service	Enables you to build an dhost web apps, mobile back ends, and RESTful APIs in the programming language of your choice without managing infrastructure. It offers auto-scaling and igh availablity, supports both Windows an dLinux, and enables automated deployments from GitHub, Azure DevOps or any Git repo.
Single Sign-On	A service that enables users to remember only one ID and one password to access multiple applications. A single identity is tied to a user, simplifying the security model. As users change roles or leave an organization, access modifications are tied to that identity, greatly reducing the effort needed to change or diable accounts.
Azure Security Center	A unified infrastructure security management system that strengthens the security posture of your data centers, and provides advanced threat protection across your hybrid workloads in the cloud - whether they're in Azure or not - as well as on premises.
Application Insights	A feature of Azure Monitor, is extensible application performance management (APM) service for web developers on multiple platforms. Use it to monitor your live web application. It will automatically detect performance anomalies. It includes powerful analytics tools to help you diagnose issues and to  understand what users actually do with your app. It's designed to help you continuously improve performance and usability.
Azure Resource Logs	Previously known as disagnostic logs, they are platform logs emitted by Azure resources that describe their internal operation. All resource logs share a common top-level schema with the flexibility for each service to emit unique properties for thier own events.
Azure Activity Logs	Provides insight into suvscription-level events that have occurred in Azure. This includes a range of data, from Azure Resource Manager operational data to updates on Service Health evenets. The ACtivity Log was previously known as Audit Logs or Operational Logs, since the Administrative category reports control-plane events for your subscriptions.
Custom Role	Userfull when one of the predefined roles found in RBAC doesn't meet your needs, however you are limited to creating a maximum of 2,000 custom roles per subscription.
Role Assignment	The process of associating a role to either a user or group found within your AD. It is used to grant access to a resource scope. This decoupling allows us to determine if a role has access to a specific resource in your subscription.
Azure Storage	A service you can use to store files, messages, tables and other types of data.
Geneal Purpose v2 Storage account	Basic storage account type for blobs, files, queues, and tables. recommended for most scenarios using Azure Storage.
Blog Storage	This storage account specializes in storing your unstructured data as blobs in Azure Storage. It's also known as object storage. it's offered in three different tiers of service:Hot - fast immediate access for objects that are accessed more frequently. Cold - Medium speed for objects that are accessed less frequently. Archive - slow speed for objects that are access on an archival basis.
Shared Access Signature	Provides delegated access to resources in your storage account, without sharing your account key. It grants granular control over the types of access you give to a user as well as the length of time that you want to give them access for.
Geo Redundant Storage	The default and recommended replication option, sometimes it's called cross-regional replication GRS replicates your data to a secondary region hundreds of miles away from the primary region.
Azure Import/Export Service	A service that allows you to securely transfer a large volume of data to or from the cloud, which can be challenging even with a high speed connection. You can ship both SSD and regular HDD drives to an Azure datacenter to import data into your resource.
Azure Data Box	A service where Microsfot provides you drives to help with solutions for moving your data to the cloud.
Azure Data Box Gateway	A storage solution that enables you to seamlessly send data to Azure. It's a virtual device based on a virtual machine provisioned in your virtualized environment or hypervisor. The virtual device resides in your premises and you write data to it using the NFS and SMB protocols. The device then transfer your data to Azure block blob, page blob, or Azure Files.
Azure Content Delivery Network	A distributed entwork of servers that can efficiently delivered to users. They will store cached content on edge servers that are close to end-users. They are typically used to deliver static content such as images, stylesheets, documents, client-side scripts and HTML files.
Azure File Shares	A service that offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via the SMB protocol. They can be mounted both by cloud instances and local on premise devices at the same time.
Azure Sync Group	Used to centralize your organization's file shares in azure files, while keeping the flexibility, performance, and compatibility of an on-premises file server. Azure File sync tranforms Windows server into a quick cache of you rAzure file share. You can use any protocol that's available on Windows Server to access your data locally, including SMB NFS, and FTPS. You can have as many cahces as you need accross the world.
Azure Recovery Service Vault	A storage entity in Azure that houses data. The data is typically copies of data, or configuration information for VMs, workloads, servers, or workstations. You can use this service to hold backup data for various Azure services such as virtual machines and Azure SQL databases
Azure Virtual Macine Scale Set	Let's you creaete and manage a group of identitcal, load balanced Virtual Machines. The number of Virtual Machines instances can automatically increate or decrease in response to demand or a defined schedule. This service also provides high availability to your applications, and allows you to centrally manage, configure, and update a large number of virtual machines.
Azure Resource Manager Template	Allows you to provision your applications or services using a declarative JSON formatted emplate. In a single template, you can deploy multiple services along with their dependencies. You use the same template to repeatedly deploy your application during every stage of teh application life-cycle
Powershell DSC	A management platform in PowerShell that enables your IT and development infrastructure with configuration as code. 
Virtual Machine Exensions	A small application tha tprovide post deployment configuration and automated tasks on azure VM's
Custom Script Extension Snapshots	A tool that can be used to automatically alunch an dexecute VM customization tasks post configurations.
Crash Consistent Snapshots	These snapshots typically occur if an Azure VM shuts down at the time of backup. Onlyh the data that already exists on the disk at the time of backup is caputured and backed up
Application Consistent Snapshots	These snapshots caputure memory content and pending I/O operations. The snapshots use a VSS writer (or pre/post scripts for linux) to ensure the consistency of the app data before a backup occurs.
File System Consistent	These backups provide consistency by aking snapshot of all files at the same time.
Azure Backup Service	An azure service that backs up data to the Microsoft Azure cloud. You can back up on-premises machines, workloads, and Azure Virtual Machines.
Azure Site Recovery Service	This service helps ensure business continutiy by keeping business applications and workloads running during outages. The service will repliate workloads running on physical and virtual machines from a primary site to a secondary location. When an outage occurs at your primary site, you can then failover to secondary location, and access applications from there. Once the primary location is back up again, you can switch your workload back to the primary site with ease.
Action Group	A collection of notification preferences defined by the owenr of an azure subscription. Azure Monitor and Service Health alerts use these to notify users that an alert has been triffered, it can also be configured to take subsequent actions to help correct the problem that the alert has detected.
Private IP address	Used for communications with Azure virtual networks and your on premise network, when you use a VPN GATEWAY OR ExpressRoute to exend you network to Azure
Public IP address	Used for comminication with the internet including Azure Public facing services.
Network Security Groups	A feature that contians a list of security rules allowing or denying inbound or outbound network traffic, it can be associated either with a Network subnet or a network interface.
Azure Load Balancer	The following service allows you to scale your applications and create high availablity for your services. It will support both inbound and outbound scenarios providing low latency and high throughput and scales up to millions of flowers for all TCP and UDP applications.
Azure Network Watcher	Provides tools to monitor, diagnose, view metrics and anable or disable logs for resources in azure virtual network. It's designed to monitor and repair the network health of IaaS products which invludes virtual machines, virtual networks, application gateways, load balancers, etc.
Azure Resource Manager	Similar to Terraform, this is the deployment and management service for Azure. It uses Azure's public REST API enpoint to connect to a resources provider, the resource provider then completes the request to either creaete, update or destroy the resource.
Unstructured Data	Data that does not adhere to a particular data model or definition, such as text or binary data.
Azure Marketplace	A collection of additional applications and services to work with azure to add functionality in your Azure environment.
Azure Regions	A set of data centers deployed within a latency-defined perimeter and connected through a dedicated regional low-latency network.
Azure Logs	A devloper created resource used to give you details about specific event that happened in the past, usually used to record a problem where something caused the application to not run as expected.
Azure Metrics	Numerical values that describe some aspect of a system at a particular time. They can be collected at a regular intervals and are useful for alerting because they can be sampled frequently and an alert can be fired quickly with relatively simple logic.
Owner Role	The built in Azure defined role that allows the user assigned this role to manage resources including giving other users access to the resource
Contributor Role	The build in Azure defined role that allows the user assigned this role to manage resources, but not give access to other users.
Reader Role	The built in Azure defined role that allows the user assigned to this role to viewe or read the resource but not manage nor grant access to other users
Authentication	The process of establishing the identity of a person or service looking to access a resource. It involves the act of challenging a party for legitimate credentials, and povides the basis for creating a security principal for identity and access control use. It establishes if they are who they say they are. 
Authorization	The process of establishing what leel off access to an authenticated person or service has. It specifies what data they're allowed to access and what they can do with it.
Azure Active Directory	A cloud-based identity service. It has built in support for synchronizing with your existing on-premises Active Directory or can be used as a standalone product. This means that all your applications, wether on-premises, in the cloud, or even mobile applications can share credentials. Administrators and developers can control access to internal and external data and applications using centralized rules and policies configured in Azure AD.
Multi-Factor Authentication	Provides additional scurity for your identities by requiring two or more elements for full authentication. These elements usually fall into three categories: Something you know, possess and are (biometrics).
Symmetric Encryption	an encryption method in which the same key is used to encrypt and decrypt a message. Also known as a private-key encryption.
Asymmetric Encryption	an encryption method that uses a public key and private key pair. Either key can encrypt but a single key can't deccrypt it's own encrypted data. To decrypt, you need the paired key. Asymmetric encryption is used for things like Transport Layer Security (TLS) (used in HTTPS) and data signing.
Azure Key Vault	A centralized cloud service for storing youor application secrets. It can help you control your applications' secrets by keeping them in a single central location and by providing secure access, permissions controls, and access logging capabilities
Microsoft Azure Information Protection	A cloud-based solution that helps organizations classify and optionally protect documents and emails by applying labels.
Azure Advanaced Threat Protection	A cloud-based security solution that identifies, detects, and helps you investigate advanced threats, compromised identities, and malicious insider actions directed at your organization.
Azure Security Center	A monitoring service that provides threat protection across all of your services both in Azure, and on-premises
Azure Portal	The login portal for the Azure cloud platform. You can use the UI interface to create, update and delete Azure Resources. You can also create an Azure support ticket from within the UI based on your subscription agreement.
Azure Cloud Shell	A browser based environment accessed via Azure portal that can be sue dto script or send commands that allow you to create, update or delete specific resources.
Steps involved in shopping data to Azure	1. Prepare hard drives 2.Create import Job 3. Ship rives to AZ Dc 4. Update tracking 5.Verify the data upload
IPV6 to IPV6 communication is supported without load balancer?	True, to have ipv6 communication between vnets you need an internal load balancer
Commands to create DNS record in AZ and PowerShell	az network dns record-set, New-AzDnsRecordSet -Name www -RecordType A -ZoneName contoso.xyz - ResourceGroupNamem MyResourceGroup -Ttl 3600 -DnsRecords (New-AzDnsRecordConfig -IPv4Address "10.10.10.10")
What effect is evaluated first in Azure Policy	Disabled
How do you enable auto scale on basic web app	Change to standard,enable autoscale,create scale rule.
When using AZ AD user create, what parameters are needed	UPN, DisplayName, password
What is the restore period of an Azure AD user?(30, 60, 90, can't restore)	30 Days
What are actions and not actions	Actions = allowable permissions on role definition, not actions = Denied permissions
How are NotActions used in a role definition A.NotActions are subtracted from the Actions to define the list of permissible operations.B. NotActions are consulted after Actions to deny access to a specific operation. C - NotActions allow you to specify a single operation that is not allowed.	A - NotActions are subtracted from the Actions to define the list of permissible operations.
What tool would you use to monitor subnets	Network Security Group flow logging.
What role is needed to manage access to Azure Resources?	User Access Administrator
Public IP assigned to the NIC will take precedence over one on the load balancer (T F)	True
How many SNAT ports allocated to a load public IP address	1024
How is outbound public traffic used on basic load balancers	All IPs took into consideration but one used. Standard all are used at the same time.
What steps are involved in creating an Azure Bastion?	1.Create Subnet named Azure bastion subnet /27 2.Create Bastion 3.Connect to VM1 using azure portal
In Kubernetes can a POD share Managed disks?	Yes, with Azure Files.
Main steps involved in Registering DNS with Azure	Purchase from registrar, configure forward lookup zone, point NS records to Azure DNS
5 steps to create azure fileshare in powershell	1. New-StorageAccount - Create storage account 2.Get-StorageAccountKeys - grab keys 3.New-AzureStorageContext - login keys etc 4.New-AzureStorageShare - create share 4.CMDKEY - storage access keys 5.New-PSDrive - maps drives
When creating an Azure Bastion, what are the 3 main requirements	Subnet must be called AzureBastionSubnet and created first, CIDR min /27 or larger, standard SKU static IP
What are the minum permissions for an Azure Bastion	Reader role	on the VM, Reader role on the Nic with private IP of the VM, Reader role on Azure Bastion Resource.
What can the Azure AD role, User Administrator do?	Manage all aspects of users and groups, including support tickets, monitoring service tickes, resetting passwords
What can Azure AD role, Billing administrator do?	Make purchases, manage subscriptions, support ticket, monitor service health.
What command would you use to list permissions of a role	AZ role definition list --name or Get-AzRoleDefinition
A basic IP SKU can support availability zones (TF)	False
Name serval services that don't work over global vent peering	VM behind load balancers, VMSS behind basic load balancers, Redis cache, Application gateway, logic apps
What security features does Azure DNS provide	RBAC, activity logs, resource locking
We need to setup and DNS record to point to an Azure load-balancer which record will need to be created? (Record set, A Record, CNAME, AAA)	Record Set
What are the main Services tags 	Virtual Network, AzureLoadBalancer, Internet, Azure Traffic Manager, Storage, SQL, AppService
How would you troubleshoot VPN connectivity? 	 Enabled network watcher, start VPN logging, check security associations, check on permise VPN external devices.
What cmdlets are used to test netwrok connectivity? 	 Ge-AzEffectiveNetworksecgroup Test-AzNetworkWatcherIPFlow
What cmdlet should you run if you are having issues with validation on purchases in the Azure portal?	Set-AzMarketplaceTerms cmdlet
With AZ Copy what access methods can you use to copy data into File Storage? 	SAS Keys only
With AZ Copy what access methods can you use to copy data into Blob Storage? 	Azure AD and SAS keys.
What needs to be installed on a virtual machine to be able to capture all network traffic? 	Network Watcher Agent VM Extension.
When using Network Performance Monitor (NPM) why is the OMS agent needed? 	Service Connection reliablity, Performance monitor, Express route monitor
What is IP flow used for and the powershell command to run? 	Check if packets are allowed or denied on a NSG Test-AzNetworkWatcherIPFlow
What is connection monitor used for and what PowerShell command is used? 	Check two VMs can communicate, latency, can probe at regular intervals can monitor IP for FQDN New-AzNetwrokWatcherConnectionMonitor
How many email messages can an action group send in 1 hour? 	60 - 1 per minute
How many SMS messages can an action group send in 1 hour? 	12 - 1 per 5 minutes
How often can a voice call be used in an action gropu? 	1 voice every 5 minutes
What files isused to customise Linux on first boot? A- Answer.ini,B- cloudinit.txt,C - unattended.conf,D- unattended.xml 	Cloudinit.txt
What tool can be used to import Azure DNS and the command? 	AZ CLI az netwrok DNS zone import
How many minutes can a basic (plan) web app run for? 	240 minutes
How many minutes can a shared web app run for? 	60 minutes
What are the 5 steps needed to create Azure File Sync? 	-Allow port 4443 outbound, create file sync service, install agent on server and register, create sync group and cloud endpoint, register server and share
What is the maxx quito for vCPU on a subscription and if i have a VM is deallocated, does this count towards my quota? 	20 - both allocated and deallocated machines count.
Do free space policies for azure file sync apply to each server individually? 	No Most restrictive applied.
How do you configure a report to be sent to individuals for resources consuming more than expected?	Configure report in the const management portal, JSON or CSV
When would you use WaImportV2 over WalImportV1 when using teh Azure Import/Export Service? 	If you need to import into Azure Files v2 is needed.
What happens with duplicate files on Azure File sync 	-servername is appended into the filename.
Azure Export Jobs Steps 	Create export job specify containers, Check the number of Drive with WAImportExport, ship empty drives to Ms with tracking, update tracking, recieve and unlock with bitlocker keys
What app service plan supports webjobs? 	Basic App plan
Which mode in JSON templates for Azure Policy checked the features supported? 	Indexed
What is the minimum App Service Plan needed to use deployment slots? 	 	 Standard App Service Plan
I have a web app that needs to run for 240 (mins) per day what is the best Dev test plan for me? 	D1 App Service Plan
I have a basic app service plan, can I do cloning? If not what plan is needed 	Standard App Service Plan
What is the SLA for 2x VMs across 2x AV Zones in the same region? 	99.99%
What is the SLA for 2x VMs across 1x AV set? 	99.95%
What is the SLA for 1x VM across SSD for OS and Data? 	99.9%
What is the maximum amount of fault domains? 	3
What is the maximum number of update domains? 	20
Azure private DNS needs to be linked to multiple VNETS (T/F) 	True
What command is used to update VPN gateway with subnet? A.Set-AzLocalNetwrokGateway B.Set-AzNetwrokInterface C.Add-AzVirtualNetwrokSubnetConfig 	Set-AzLocalNetworkGateway
Which two features are not supported on Azure File Sync Service? 	Deduplication, scale-out file server (has to be general)
What are the 4 steps involved in troubleshooting VPN issues? 	Enable Netwrok Watcher, Start VPN logging, Check SEC associations, Check onpremise VPN external interfaces
What DNS records are needed to verify a custom domain on App service? 	TXT for applicationcs.azurewebsites.net
What is the maximum recovery period for Azure File Shares (10 years, 365 days, 31 days, 120 days) 	10 years retention
Which two files should you create before you prepare the drives for the import job? Each correct answer presents part of the solution. (a drive set CSV file, a JSON configuration file, a powershell ps1 file, a dataset CSV file) 	a driveset CSV file and a dataset CSV file.